# Reflection week 1 and 2 
Marco Kemperman 1048504
## My personal goals were:
1. Become better at storing data in a clear, organized way, especially in a team setting where more than one person has to know where things are and where things can be found.
2. My second learning goal is that I would like to learn more about API and natural language process (NLP) models, and how I can use them to answer research questions.
3. My third learning goal is to become better at analysing data by applying more statistical methods.
## Progress 
1.	For the first learning goal I still have some difficulties. For our team we made a teams channel in where I made subfolders so that we can store the data organized. This works well. Furthermore, Simen and I work together on Google Colab with the code so that it easier to stay organized and work together. However, sometimes we have to make copies of the code, or we have to run it locally so that we do not come in a merge conflict together. And when I do this, I still download the code in downloads and the local code is all over the place. So for the last week I could still improve on that. Also for our final deliverables, I could adopt a scheme in what we still need to do (not started yet), what we are still working one, and what we already finished. 
2.	For the second learning goal I really learned a lot. I learned how to use the BlueSky API and learned about its limitations and how to work around the limitations such as the location and date limitation. I also learned how to connect the API to the code, and use it. Furthermore I experimented with weather API such as OpenWeatherMap and Meteostat. Which in the end, we got the Meteostat API working for our code. For the natural language processing models I learned better how it works, on what it is trained on, and how to use it in our code. We ended up using the Roberta sentiment analysis as it was trained on a big dataset, and it could be used for more languages. 
3.	For my third learning goal I wanted to become better in applying the data to statistics. I created this week multiple different statistical analysis of our limited data. For example, I created histograms for each country, I calculated the mean median, max, min and standard deviation for each country. And I also created boxplots and violin plots for each country. At last we also worked on to make a temporal sentiment graph on how the sentiment of each country changes over a time period of 7 days. I learned how to apply statistics and I will keep improving on this for the last week. 
